>> Hi.
I'm Sophie from the
House of Wellbeing.
All of our audios are slightly
different to just meditation
alone because we use powerful
therapeutic tools, including
cognitive behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and, of
course, hypnotherapy.
And it's that
combination that makes
our audio so powerful and
hugely effective at helping
you to change any of those
unwanted beliefs, behaviors,
old habits, or negative
thinking patterns.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation.
And that's the state that's
really familiar to you.
It's the stage of relaxation you
fall into just before you fall
asleep and just as you wake up.
So it's a really natural
feeling, and it's very safe.
And when you're in
that relaxed state,
you're in the theta
brainwave state,
which allows us to talk
to your subconscious mind.
And that's where all your
beliefs, habits, memories live.
So sometimes it's hard to change
things on a conscious level
as those behaviors,
thoughts, and beliefs don't
live in your conscious mind.
They live in your
subconscious mind.
And that's where
hypnotherapy can really
help to change any of those
unwanted fears, phobias,
behaviors, negative thinking
patterns, or limiting beliefs,
by talking to the
subconscious mind
to retrain, reframe,
and rewire your mind
with new positive,
empowering suggestions.
We recommend that you
listen to our audios
at least four times
so you can really
compound those
positive messages,
and override those old
beliefs, and help your mind
to create new neural pathways.
Soon, you'll see the changes
in the way you think and feel
about an issue.
And we suggest you
follow your instincts
and listen to the audios
as often or as little
as you want to.
You can listen to the audios at
any time of the day or night,
but we suggest
you listen to them
when you're not too
tired because if you
fall asleep and don't
awaken when we ask you to,
you've gone into a deep sleep.
And that's when your
subconscious mind just
isn't listening.
But if you don't remember a
word we said and you wake up
at the time we ask you to,
then that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious mind has
been listening all along.
And it will have taken in all
of that positive messaging.
So please make sure you
listen to our audios
when you're free from
any interruptions.
And don't listen to them
when you're actively
doing something.
So, driving or
operating machinery.
If there's an
emergency and you need
to come out of hypnosis
before we awaken you,
that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious mind
will alert until you easily
come out of hypnosis,
just like waking up
from a nap or a deep sleep.
So for now, please
click on any audio
you want to listen
to in the series.
Find a comfortable
position where
you can really relax and let
go, maybe on a bed or a chair.
And then close
your eyes to begin.